GH-3529: Add HTTP & WebFlux extractResponseBody (#3530)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/http.adoc

This can be an abstract class or even an interface (such as `java.io.Serializable` when you use Java serialization and `Content-Type: application/x-java-serialized-object`).
=====

> Starting with version 5.5, the `HttpRequestExecutingMessageHandler` exposes an `extractResponseBody` flag (which is `true` by default) to return the whole `ResponseEntity` as a reply message payload or just its body, independently of the provided `expectedResponseType`.
> If body is not present in the `ResponseEntity`, this flag doesn't count and the whole `ResponseEntity` is returned.

Reviewer: This would be better the other way around.

```suggestion
Starting with version 5.5, the `HttpRequestExecutingMessageHandler` exposes an `extractResponseBody` flag (which is `true` by default) to return just the response body, or to return the whole `ResponseEntity` as the reply message payload, independently of the provided `expectedResponseType`.
If a body is not present in the `ResponseEntity`, this flag is ignored and the whole `ResponseEntity` is returned.
```
